Stenhouse jr. and we're back to green
flag racing Brad Keselowski did not get
going on that start
look at Kyle on the high side miss Laos
key has problems and has slid up to the
wall our pole-sitter
did it and he is dropping
crash 38a jason leffler and the 33 of
Kevin Harvick so our winner here a year
ago in this event has contact
second caution is out and for those cars
that took the wave-around
that was a battle for ninth position
look like as much damage what Owen Hunt
Leffler is not happy with Harvick
okay so we've got two separate incidents
let's take you back first and show you
what happened to our pole-sitter
there's Brad Keselowski
I think she did not offer to turn
and now the second incident this is the
battle for ninth
your heart just gets right in the back a
LeFort turns him around and then let's
go on board with Kevin
still inside shown cost you so cautious
inside inside quarter car we fight not a
light banditry wide or inside and
burning one I don't think there's any
doubt was what he didn't appreciate that
I don't think he planned on becoming
part of this problem but I think he was
sending a message there for sure
when it's bad news for jason leffler
because remember at the digging in the
broadcast that lever diorama garage here
he has been told to go ahead and seek
another ride for next year
and so it looks like tonight it's not
gonna be this night Anna don't really
know that Jason left or did anything
wrong on that restart there was a hole
there you know car on the bottom one up
the top there was plenty room for him to
go in there but likes Harvick did take
exception true
on the 33 is coming down pit road as is
the seven of Danica Patrick 14 American
flora how about it Jaime
well Kevin Harvick just came on the
radio and I don't know what the heck
happened there I was going 10 miles per
hour faster than him I don't know if he
checked up or what but the crew has been
looking at the car and they say they
don't see any damage but just to be
safer than sorry they brought it down to
put new tires on it doc what do you have
a juror into pit road Brad Kay came in
right-side tires they pulled the right
front fender away take a look at the car
still talking to the crew chief Todd
Gordon Brad City he went into turn one
in the cart is absolutely would not turn
he turned in the car went up across the
racetrack and he nailed the wall is that
guys I'm sorry they pulled her friend
her out and they're checking it for
damage repair with a tow and his fine
Brad's hit the steering wheel is
straight they put right-side tires on it
and apparently he's got pretty good
clearance so hopefully minimal to no
damage all right thanks for the update
doc we can tell you Timmy Hill gets the
lucky dog in the number 15 so he'll get
back on the lead lap that'll give us a
total of 24 cars on the lead lap let's
go back and take another look at the 33
38 deal
according Harvick on the radio he didn't
mean to do that yeah and left work you
know could have been right in front of
left or that he had to slow up quite a
bit so you know Harvick not not
anticipating that got into the back
bedroom so well let's check in with the
man who we wanted to talk to before all
this recent round of demolition derby
took place Josh wise is out of the race
how about it
he was one of the nationwide Dash for
Cash drivers racing the entire time
tonight first caution comes out now all
of a sudden it's chaos back here Josh
what happened you guys I think they just
found out a lil pump broke so it's
unfortunate the car we were actually
going to be pretty good there and we
were picking a few guys off and just got
the occasion industries Ken Jacobs
everyone there and everyone at key
Motorsports for putting this together
for me to come try to win this deal and
it was a good effort but it's a shame in
this way always a good attitude Josh
wise will be back in the 14 X tweaked
end and Jason Leffler made his way back
here and we'll get word with him in just
a moment Marty Jamie you caught up with
Jason Leffler
the team goes to work trying to fix this
car get you Becca kevin harvick came on
the radio said i don't know what he was
doing it was checking up I was going ten
miles per hour faster what was it from
your inside
just ran in the back
a great clip Sammy was pretty good guys
doing a good job in fairly decent night
going and
sans BS but he'll come around think
you'll go back out
all right he's going back out the smile
on his face Martin
and have a feeling there might be a
mission in mind we've seen Jason in
action before when he feels like he's
been wronged